All right guys some have to this is another one by Google on code 5s.
Our objective here is we're going to take in two arrays and a number and we want to find out if we take
exactly one value out of array one and one value add every two.
If we can equal 42.
Now your hint is has own property and a little sidebar on this solution actually solve this with some
array methods but it is too slow for it to be a passing solution.
So I had to create a an object that would do it much faster but so try and solve it without using the
array method.
So I guess it's my point.
See how well you can do I think.
I think you might learn something but also don't be afraid to solve it solve it whatever way you think
is best.
But don't be afraid to refactor.
As my my point.
What's going in.
Jump into it.
All right so the way that I solve this was a critique an object and then I iterate it through array
1 or a array and I took our V and I minus that value each index value.
And then I created a key on our map key essentially on our object.
And then I went into what should be the value that we would need for another value to add to add to
V to add to our tour our desired value.
And if we got that in that property existed we go ahead and add the value so let's go ahead and just
go through.
Well make more sense just talking.
So here I just called I have called this object hash maps not perfectly correct but I think that's fine.
And we're going to iterate through say what I call the 0 0 I is less then you're not sure there's even
do this.
So you're a 4.
So let none of it of.
And what we want to do is it's difference is equal to the minus No.
And now that we have that we want to go ahead and say our hash map difference
is equal to what difference does or not equal to it.
So now that we've done that we've said these are all the values on here keys that we were saying hey
these are the values we need for this to succeed.
Mining is saying this.
And all we get left is the number that if we wanted to add say you know we're going the opposite direction
and we minus from the total is really our tol'able.
And then we say hey this is the number I'm missing.
Next we check to see if we have seen those numbers.
If we do it's true.
If we don't we just return false at the end here.
So you go for loops let
you actually need this
when you do go through this as well.
And some of the should work just fine and we'll see if our hash map has on property meaning it has the
values that we need.
Go ahead and return true.
What are rechecking what we're checking if the number in B have it and bam we're done.
So just go over the logic a little bit.
We create an object to store the values that we need to reiterate through it and then we iterate through
the second array and find out if any of those values match any of the keys in our object if they do
return true if they don't.
It means that you can't take one number out of AA and one number out of B unless you use or turn false
at the end here.